you're going to have to mentally manage
yourself in order to get through a three
day fast you're going to want to eat and
you're going to want to eat a lot and
frequently and the only way to get to
the end of the fast without breaking
your fast is to find a way mentally to
deal with it and I think the most
powerful way to deal with suffering is
to make friends of it to welcome the
pain literally like an old friend and in
doing that you realize that you can
transcend the urges of the body that's
how you begin to build mental discipline
because we are always looking for ways
to toughen up but those ways are right
in front of you
[Music]